# Q1: Research Groups

In response to popular demand, Dan’s established two research groups A and B composed of his n graduate students. Each of these students is a member of exactly one of the two groups at any given time. The students are numbered from 1 to n in some arbitrary order.

To measure the success of his research groups, Dan assigns a citation score to 
each of them. Initially, both groups have citation score 0. Throughout the 
semester, events of the following two types happen:

1. Student x publishes a paper in which they cite student y’s work (you can assume all of the students have been around long enough to have prior research that can be cited). As a result,

    * If x and y are in the same group, their group’s citation score increases by 1.
    * If x and y are in different groups, y’s group’s citation score increases by 5.

2. Dan changes student x’s group (from A to B or from B to A) to have them work on different projects.

To assess the overall success of the research groups, Dan needs to calculate their final citation scores at the end of the semester. Help him do so by writing a program that reports the final scores given a description of the events occurring throughout the semester.

## Filename

Your filename for this question must be q1.py.

## Input 

The first line of the inputcontains two integers n and m separated by a single space. n denotes the number of Dan’s students and m denotes the number of events. 

The second line contains n letters separated by single spaces. The i-th letteris either“A” or“B”. If it’s “A”, the i-th student is initially in group A; Otherwise, the i-th student is initially in group B. 

The next m lines describe the events in chronological order. Each line describes a single event. If a line starts with the string cite, two integers x and y follow, indicating thatstudent x has published a paperin which they cite student y’s work. 

Otherwise, the line starts with the string change, which is followed by a single integer x. This indicates that Dan haschanged student x’s group. 

## Output 

Print two integers separated by a single space. These should indicate the final citation scores of groups A and B, respectively. 

## Sample Input 1 

6 5 \n
A A B B B B \n
cite 1 3 \n
cite 1 2 \n
change 1 \n
cite 2 1 \n
cite 4 2 

## Sample Output 1 

6 10 

## Sample 1 Explanation 

* The first line indicates that there are 6 students and 5 events. 
* The second line indicates that the first two students are in group A while the remaining four are in group B.
* In the first event, student 1 cites student 3’s work. Since they are in different groups, group B (student 3’s group) scores 5 points. 
* Student 1 cites student 2’s work. Since they are both in group A, group A scores 1 point. 
* Dan changes student1’s group (from group A to group B). 
* Student 2 then cites student1’s work. Group B scores 5 points. 
* Finally, student 4 cites student 2’s work. Group A scores 5 points. 
* In total, group A scores 6 points and group B scores 10 points, which is reflected in the output. 

## Sample Input 2 
3 6 \n
A A A \n
cite 3 1 \n 
change 1 \n
cite 1 2 \n
change 1 \n
change 2 \n
cite 2 1 

## Sample Output 2 

11 0